hello girls today we're back playing
you but the little model decorated as she did
the owner of my client that this enamel
of the intense night on the other lines
I applied two layers of citrus floral
impala start decorating this we
let's use high relief paint on
golden color of acrilex this mine of
other brands I also put a
some of it in a saucer
because you are working directly on the
with this applicator of the
package does not give too sure is very
rude
the finish i prefer to use so i come
with orange twigs I go
I'll get some of the paint and see the
thousand lines of our daisies
I'll make a dot on the top
of my client's nail and another in
low
here I also make silver using I
pick up the little toothpick and
apply very gently will not of
customer already gets a good finish
perfect very beautiful and you do not have the ink
you may be using ink in color
yellow-gold and also gives a very
beautiful what else is going to fit there with
this decoration
I'll make those great sea to the
Daisy's little daughters sorry for
all nails stay like this to do the
Daisies vote using a paintbrush
this mine is from the brand new era number 100
I'm going to use white fabric paint
I carry my brush to make the
daisy
the movement is the following I'm going to touch
the brush is not my client gives a
tight and give a little you
They can realize the one touching
puxadinho tight little straight - laced work
the shape of our daisy party I
doing this all around my book
the tightening of the tightening
girls asked me about paints
to decorate
elza fintas of fabric that I have more
easy access here in my city
the nail decorations can be made
with another type of paint can also
using acrylic paint matte
the ink has a paint pva also liked
quite willingly is testing more
I did not find to buy that are the
nature collor also acrilex
too cool to do the drawing yet
finishing the other daisy in the field
of income my client
recapping then the petal people
The brush slope gives a little squeeze.
puxadinho cortadinho one I puxadinha
I'll do the other one.
daisy finish has this effect
Now I'm going to finish mine on mine.
using a scorer
I'm going to finish this part that's stayed
I was not going to walk talking
with white paint
Girls, this part is optional. I like the
client may terminate of various types
ab with various models of your decoration
you can make chickens and leaves for
finish with the necklace of another color
using the same gold paint spending
application glitter gives you
do several things that will leave the
model with your face there that
type of finishing with the paint
white was requested from my client
some girls have told me not to
has liked the finishes a lot but it is
My client's choice really is a
My client who was in my house.
doing your nails and I took advantage
To record this video,
so the nail of my client I hope
You'll like each other until next week.